c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI.dll.config
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\KQI.Standards.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.WebApi.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\FluentNHibernate.pdb
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.WebApi.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\obj\Debug\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\obj\Debug\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI.pdb
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\hrebai\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\obj\Debug\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\hrebai\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample\AzureBlobsFileUploadSample.WebAPI\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
